Configure options on add_kubernetes_metadata to wait for processor intialization (#50509)
elastic/beats: libbeat/processors/add_kubernetes_metadata/docs/add_kubernetes_metadata.asciidoc

Reviewer: The asciidoc is only used for 8.19.x docs. For the 9.x docs, we’re using the Markdown files in the `docs` folder. Please add the new settings to the docs for each beat: `/docs/reference/<beat_name>/add-kubernetes-metadata.md`.

When you add the new settings, you need to add the correct formatting - make these settings part of the unordered list, add an `applies_to` (I’m assuming these are GA in 9.5) and move the default values to the text. Here’s my suggestion for the wording:

```
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` `wait_for_metadata`: When `true`, startup is blocked until the processor is initialized. If the processor can't connect to the Kubernetes API within the duration set in `wait_for_metadata_timeout`, startup fails and the process exits. When `false`, the processor is initialized asynchronously. Defaults to `false`.
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.5` `wait_for_metadata_timeout`: The maximum time allowed for the processor to connect to the Kubernetes API and fetch metadata. Applies regardless of `wait_for_metadata`. To retry the connection indefinitely, set to `0`. Defaults to `30s`.
```

 The enrichment of `node` or `namespace` metadata can be individually disabled by setting `enabled: false`.
 - `deployment`: If resource is `pod` and it is created from a `deployment`, by default the deployment name is added, this can be disabled by setting `deployment: false`.
 - `cronjob`: If resource is `pod` and it is created from a `cronjob`, by default the cronjob name is added, this can be disabled by setting `cronjob: false`.

> `wait_for_metadata` :: (false) If `true` startup will be blocked until processor is initialized. Startup will fail if processor is unable to connect to Kubernetes API within `wait_for_metadata_timeout`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`wait_for_metadata` :: (false) When `true` startup will be blocked until processor is initialized. Startup will fail if processor is unable to connect to Kubernetes API within `wait_for_metadata_timeout` and the process will exit.
```

> `wait_for_processor_ready` :: (false) This specifies if startup should wait for processor initialization. If Kubernetes cannot be reached within `wait_for_processor_ready_timeout`, the processor is marked unavailable. 

Reviewer 2: You are still using the old config names in the docs and changelog :)

This should be `wait_for_metadata` now

If `false`, processor initialization will occur asynchronously. 

> `wait_for_metadata_timeout` :: (30s) This specifies the maximum time to wait for metadata sync.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`wait_for_metadata_timeout` :: (30s) The maximum time the processor should spend trying to fetch metadata before giving up. Applies regardless of the value of `wait_for_metadata`.
```

> `wait_for_processor_ready_timeout` :: (10s) Maximum time to wait for Kubernetes connectivity when `wait_for_processor_ready` is enabled.

Author: can you fix it?
